---
title: What's Up in 2018/2? - Ruby Conferences 'n' Camps in February 2018 from Around the World
---


## Conferences & Camps

### February

{% include conferences.html month=2 %}

Talks @ Rubyfuza include:

- Orbital Rocket Guidance with Ruby
- Fantastic chatbots and where to find them
- Make it SPECtacular
- Sticky Ruby
- Ouch! That Code Hurts My Brain
- Building Ruby in Ruby
- Build a great UX with Progressive Web Apps on Rails
- Fun with an Amazon Echo, Ruby and Recipes
- Around the Ruby Block
- Using GraphQL and Relay for hybrid Ruby on Rails applications
- Growing data in a Ruby world
- DIY projects with Ruby & Pi
- Dockerizing Ruby apps and moving off Engine Yard
- and more

Talks @ RubyConf India include:

- Towards a decentralised world with ruby
- Multi-tenant applications and challenges I faced
- Ten Years of JRuby: What We've Learned and Where We're Going
- Algorithms to live by and why should we care
- Prototyping Kubernetes CRI (Container Runtime Interface) With Ruby and gRPC
- Reflection in Ruby: Understanding the Implications of Loading Gems and Files
- A Rack and Morty adventure in serving requests
- When The Whole World Is Your Database
- UTC is Enough for Everybody, Right?
- and more


See all [Conferences & Camps in 2018 »](../2018).

See all [Conferences & Camps @ Awesome Page »](../conferences). Add your event!



## Meetups

_Highlighting ruby get-togethers from around the world_


[**Seattle.rb - Seattle Ruby Brigade**](http://seattlerb.org) •  [(Updates)](https://twitter.com/seattlerb)

The world's first Ruby learn together group in Seattle, Washington, Pacific Northwest, United States - has met regularly for over a decade!

The Seattle.rb convenes every Tuesday night to contribute to open source, work on personal projects, and teach and learn from one another. All skill levels are welcome!

Next dates upcoming in 2018 incl. Weekly Nerd Party every Tuesday @ Vivace Cafe (Best Coffee in Town!) and Monthly Social with talks on Tue Feb 6th @ Substantial Offices.

See all [Meetups @ Awesome Page »](../meetups). Add your meetup!
